# CS-210
The goal of this project is to demonstrate your ability to write C++ code that is legible, well-documented, and professional. The situation describes a fresh graduate applying to work as a junior developer at Chada Tech, a software engineering business that specializes in creating bespoke software. The interview procedure is a test of the candidate's coding skills in which they must create an object-oriented programming (OOP) application that can accept user input and show two clocks concurrently in 12- and 24-hour forms. According to the problem statement, Chada Tech wants the clocks to adhere to ISO 8601, an international standard. Applying program logic is required of the applicant in order to ensure safe and effective C++ programming. The program should follow industry-standard best practices, such as in-line comments.
I felt that I did particularly well on execution of the code to display a clock. I also felt that I did well on following industry standard best practices. 
I could enhance my code by not writing everything in main(). Functions are used to modularize code--it is important to use separate functions: one to display the clock, one to display the menu, and so on. The less you  have in main(), the more professional the code is: easier to debug, maintain, and adapt.
The most challenging part of the code was debugging my errors and to make sure everything was running smoothly. 
The skills from this project that I will be transferring into other projects or course work is making my codes easier to read and by being more confident in c++. 
I made it maintainable and readable by testing and debugging my code as i went
